Add the usages of util functions in the Module.md (#377)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-sql: ballerina/Module.md

to create a dynamic/constant complex query.

The `queryConcat()` is used to create a parameterized query by concatenating a set of parameterized queries.
The sample below shows how to concatenate queries.

```ballerina
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students`;
ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
```

The query with the `IN` operator can be created using the `ParameterizedQuery` like below. Here you need to flatten the array and pass each element separated by a comma.

```ballerina
int[] ids = [1, 2, 3];
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT count(*) as total FROM DataTable WHERE row_id in (${ids[0]}, ${ids[1]}, ${ids[2]})`
```

The util function `arrayFlattenQuery()` is introduced to make the array flatten easier. It makes the inclusion of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query. You can construct the complex dynamic query with the `IN` operator by using both functions like below.

```ballerina
int[] ids = [1, 2];

> ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(`SELECT * FROM DataTable WHERE id IN (`, arrayFlattenQuery(ids), `)`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(
                                                        `SELECT * FROM DataTable WHERE id IN (`, 
                                                        arrayFlattenQuery(ids), `)`);
```

and common properties that are shared among multiple database clients.  It also supports querying, inserting, deleting, 
updating, and batch updating data.  

> ### Parameterized Query

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Parameterized Query
```

The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the SQL query to be executed by the client.
You can create a query with constant or dynamic input data as follows.

*Query with constant values*

```ballerina
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < 10 AND age > 12`;
```

*Query with dynamic values*

```ballerina
int[] ids = [10, 50];
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < ${ids[0]} AND age > ${age}`;
```

Moreover, the SQL package has `queryConcat()` and `arrayFlattenQuery()` util functions which make it easier
to create a dynamic/constant complex query.

The `queryConcat()` is used to create a parameterized query by concatenating a set of parameterized queries.
The sample below shows how to concatenate queries.

```ballerina
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students`;
ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
```

> The query with the `IN` operator can be created by using the `ParameterizedQuery` like below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The query with the `IN` operator can be created using the `ParameterizedQuery`  like below. Here you need to flatten the array and pass each element separated by a comma.
```

```ballerina
int[] ids = [1, 2, 3];
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT count(*) as total FROM DataTable WHERE row_id in (${ids[0]}, ${ids[1]}, ${ids[2]})`
```

> It is difficult for a large set of elements array. Hence, the `arrayFlattenQuery()` makes the inclusion 
> of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query. 
> It is very useful for creating a query with the `IN` operator. You can construct the complex dynamic 
> query with `IN` operator by using both functions like below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The util function `arrayFlattenQuery()` is introduced to make the array flatten easier. It makes the inclusion of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query. You can construct the complex dynamic query with the `IN` operator by using both functions like below.
```

```ballerina
int[] ids = [1, 2];

> ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM DataTable WHERE id IN (`;
> ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, arrayFlattenQuery(ids), `)`);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(`SELECT * FROM DataTable WHERE id IN (`, arrayFlattenQuery(ids), `)`);
```

//A value of the sql:ExecutionResult type is returned for 'result'. 
```

### Parameterized Query

The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the SQL query to be executed by the client. 
You can create a query with constant or dynamic input data as follows.

*Query with constant values*

```ballerina
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < 10 AND age > 12`;
```

*Query with dynamic values*

```ballerina
int[] ids = [10, 50];
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < ${ids[0]} AND age > ${age}`;
```

> You can create the complex query by following the above samples. 
> But Ballerina has the following util functions that make it easier 
> to create a dynamic/constant complex query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, SQL package has the following util functions that make it easier 
to create a dynamic/constant complex query.
```

> * `queryConcat()`: This is used to create a parameterized query by concatenating sub-parameterized queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `queryConcat()`: This is used to create a parameterized query by concatenating a set of parameterized queries.
```

  The sample below shows how to concatenate queries.
    ```ballerina
    int intType = 2147483647;
    int bigIntType = 9223372036854774807;
    int smallIntType = 32767;
    ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO NumericTypes (int_type,
                                bigint_type, smallint_type)`;
    ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` VALUES(${intType}, ${bigIntType}, 

>                                 ${smallIntType})`;

Reviewer: Shall we have a sample with the where clause? Since that is the most common use case. We can have a basic select clause and conditions 1 and 2.

    ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
    ```
  

> * `arrayFlattenQuery()`: This makes array flatten easier which accepts the array value and returns parameterized query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `arrayFlattenQuery()`: This makes the inclusion of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query.
```

>   So, it is very useful for creating a query with the `IN` operator. You can construct the complex dynamic query 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is very useful for creating a query with the `IN` operator. You can construct the complex dynamic query 
```

  with `IN` operator by using both functions like below.

    ```ballerina
    VarcharValue stringValue1 = new ("Hello");
    VarcharValue stringValue2 = new ("1");
    VarcharValue[] values = [stringValue1, stringValue2];

>     ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT count(*) as total FROM DataTable 

Reviewer: A simple example with just arrayFlatten() is enough I think.

database table and obtain the results. 

The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the dynamic query to execute by the client. So, you can create a simple query like below.
```
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
```

The `queryConcat()` makes it easier to create a dynamic complex query by concatenating sub-dynamic queries.
The following sample shows how to concatenate queries:

```
int intType = 2147483647;
int bigIntType = 9223372036854774807;
int smallIntType = 32767;
ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO NumericTypes (int_type, bigint_type, smallint_type)`;
ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` VALUES(${intType},${bigIntType},${smallIntType})`;
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
```

Another util function is `arrayFlattenQuery()`, which accepts the array value and returns parameterized query.
So by using both functions, you can construct the complex dynamic query like below,

```
VarcharValue stringValue1 = new("Hello");
VarcharValue stringValue2 = new("1");
VarcharValue[] values = [stringValue1, stringValue2];

> ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(`SELECT count(*) as total FROM DataTable WHERE string_type IN (`, arrayFlattenQuery(values), `)`);

Reviewer: Shall we format these code snippets? As well as check the length restriction in API doc

These samples show how to demonstrate the different usages of the `query` operation to query the
database table and obtain the results. 

> The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the dynamic query to execute by the client. So, you can create a simple query like below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the dynamic query to be executed by the client. You can create a simple query like below.
```

```ballerina
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
```

The `queryConcat()` makes it easier to create a dynamic complex query by concatenating sub-dynamic queries.

> The following sample shows how to concatenate queries:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sample below shows how to concatenate queries.
```

```ballerina
int intType = 2147483647;
int bigIntType = 9223372036854774807;
int smallIntType = 32767;
ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO NumericTypes (int_type,
                            bigint_type, smallint_type)`;
ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` VALUES(${intType}, ${bigIntType}, 
                            ${smallIntType})`;
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
```

> Another util function is `arrayFlattenQuery()`, which accepts the array value and returns parameterized query.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `arrayFlattenQuery()` util function accepts the array value and returns a parameterized query.
```

> So by using both functions, you can construct the complex dynamic query like below,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can construct the complex dynamic query by using both functions like below.
```

These samples show how to demonstrate the different usages of the `query` operation to query the
database table and obtain the results. 

> The `ParameterizedQuery` is used to construct the dynamic query to be executed by the client. You can create a simple query like below.

Reviewer 2: IMO this section should be separated from querying data. Shall we have a new section called parameterized queries and explain this

```ballerina
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students WHERE 
                            id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
```

> The `queryConcat()` makes it easier to create a dynamic complex query by concatenating sub-dynamic queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `queryConcat()` makes it easier to create a dynamic complex query by concatenating sub queries.
```

The sample below shows how to concatenate queries.

```ballerina
int intType = 2147483647;
int bigIntType = 9223372036854774807;
int smallIntType = 32767;
ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO NumericTypes (int_type,
                            bigint_type, smallint_type)`;
ParameterizedQuery query1 = ` VALUES(${intType}, ${bigIntType}, 
                            ${smallIntType})`;
ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = queryConcat(query, query1);
```

The `arrayFlattenQuery()` util function accepts the array value and returns a parameterized query.

> You can construct the complex dynamic query by using both functions like below.

Reviewer 2: Shall we follow the same approach as in slack?. talk abt IN query first and intro this as a helper function to flatten the array
